Charles M. said: All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
John Green said: Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book.
Jim Henson said: Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.
Never trus said: Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.
Haruki Mur said: If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.
Dr. Seuss said: Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
C.S. Lewis said: You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
J.K. Rowli said: It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default.
J.K. Rowli said: Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
Woody Alle said: I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Cassandra said: To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
J.K. Rowli said: If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.
Albert Ein said: Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.
If one can said: If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
Albert Ein said: Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.
John Green said: I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough..
Nicholas S said: You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world...but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices.
John Green said: The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
Dr. Seuss said: Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
George Ber said: Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
Abraham Li said: One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Bob Marley said: The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
Markus Zus said: If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
Bob Marley said: Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
William Sh said: Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Do what yo said: Saying 'I notice you're a nerd' is like saying, 'Hey, I notice that you'd rather be intelligent than be stupid, that you'd rather be thoughtful than be vapid, that you believe that there are things that matter more than the arrest record of Lindsay Lohan. Why is that?' In fact, it seems to me that most contemporary insults are pretty lame. Even 'lame' is kind of lame. Saying 'You're lame' is like saying 'You walk with a limp.' Yeah, whatever, so does 50 Cent, and he's done all right for himself.
nd the answers are simple.
Suzanne Co said: We read to know we're not alone.
We read to said: We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
t a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.
Allen Saun said: Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
William Sh said: The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Mark Twain said: Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
Oscar Wild said: We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Bil Keane said: Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
Neil Gaima said: Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Eleanor Ro said: A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.
Thomas A. said: I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Mark Twain said: The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
Elie Wiese said: If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.
Friedrich said: The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
Douglas Ad said: It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
J.K. Rowli said: I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
Groucho Ma said: I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Albert Ein said: Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Pablo Neru said: I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Dr. Seuss said: I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.
